get-started: update python guide (#18404)
docker/docs: content/language/python/deploy.md

---
title: Test your deployment
keywords: deploy, kubernetes, python
description: Learn how to develop locally using Kubernetes
---

## Prerequisites

- Complete all the previous sections of this guide, starting with [Containerize a Python application](containerize.md).
- [Turn on Kubernetes](/desktop/kubernetes/#turn-on-kubernetes) in Docker Desktop.

## Overview

In this section, you'll learn how to use Docker Desktop to deploy your application to a fully-featured Kubernetes environment on your development machine. This allows you to test and debug your workloads on Kubernetes locally before deploying.

## Create a Kubernetes YAML file

> In your `python-docker-dev` directory, create a file name `docker-python-kubernetes.yaml`. Open the file in an IDE or text editor and add the following contents.

Reviewer: Possible typo: 
```suggestion
In your `python-docker-dev` directory, create a file named `docker-python-kubernetes.yaml`. Open the file in an IDE or text editor and add the following contents.
```

Replace `DOCKER_USERNAME/REPO_NAME` with your Docker username and the name of the repository that you created in [Configure CI/CD for your Python application](configure-ci-cd.md).

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: docker-python-demo
  namespace: default
spec:
  replicas: 1
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      service: flask
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        service: flask
    spec:
      containers:
       - name: flask-service
         image: DOCKER_USERNAME/REPO_NAME
         imagePullPolicy: Always
         env:
          - name: POSTGRES_PASSWORD
            value: mysecretpassword
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: service-entrypoint
  namespace: default
spec:
  type: NodePort
  selector:
    service: flask
  ports:
  - port: 5000
    targetPort: 5000
    nodePort: 30001
```

In this Kubernetes YAML file, there are two objects, separated by the `---`:

 - A Deployment, describing a scalable group of identical pods. In this case,

>    you'll get just one replica, or copy of your pod, and that pod (which is

Reviewer: I left a comment in the other PR that this could maybe be broken up in to multiple sentences but definitely not blocking!

In this Kubernetes YAML file, there are two objects, separated by the `---`:

 - A Deployment, describing a scalable group of identical pods. In this case,
   you'll get just one replica, or copy of your pod. That pod, which is
   described under `template`, has just one container in it. The

>     container is using the image built by GitHub Actions in [Configure CI/CD for

Reviewer 2: ?

```suggestion
    container is created from the image built by GitHub Actions in [Configure CI/CD for
```
